Ajin in sight. Requesting backup.
[grunting]
[man] Hey, wait! Stop!
[gunshot, then Kei grunts]
I've apprehended
the Ajin near Tsuki Shrine.
[man grunts]
Time to run.
This is the third Ajin discovered
on Japanese soil.
You're all underestimating the situation.
This is a national issue.
Double-- No, triple our men!
I won't let you get away.
[man] Holy shit, it really is the Ajin!
-A hundred million yen!
-We're rich!
[Kei] Why is this happening?
I didn't do anything wrong!
[yells]
But beware of an Ajin's voice.
Yes, I've heard of that.
It's like a temporary paralysis
that lasts for a few seconds.
Kai, can you stand up?! Let's go!
We got you!
Run them over!
It won't actually kill them!
[Kei] It's because of you guys that...
Because of you guys...
[gasps]
[man] I can't move my body...
[gasps, the screaming]
[muffled groaning]
[man] The only thing remarkable
about Ajins is that they don't die.
Is that what you think?
You should have listened more carefully,
watched more closely...
when you received the Ajin's blessing.
Allow me to show you.
That's why I came to rescue you...
Tanaka.
[muffled groans and screams]
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just 'cos they say
The night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage to hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold your breath? ♪
♪ Just 'cos they say it's tough now ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought
Won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run away
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
MAYBE THIS IS THE END?
The whereabouts of Kei Nagai,
the third Ajin to appear in Japan,
are still unknown.
News of the Ajin's discovery is
spreading quickly...
They're talking about an Ajin.
[woman on TV]
As the world waits further information...
Apparently, there's a huge reward.
[man]
Seriously?
[woman on TV]
An unidentified accomplice...
It's morning already!
They'll find us in the light!
We're going to my hideout now.
We'll be safe there.
[Kei]
The hideout's an abandoned building.
Kai knows about these places
because of his motorbike rides.
We can breathe a little once we get there.
But after that...
What do we do after that?
The situation is worse than I thought.
I'm sure news of me has spread through
all of Japan-- No, all the world.
People will be after me everywhere.
[tires screech, then Kei gasps]
[Kai] What is it?
-He stopped.
I'm in luck.
-He's coming!
-Okay.
Their bike is carrying two,
I can overtake them.
The accomplice is just another kid.
I should have no trouble catching them
by myself.
Any new information?
[man 1] He's still not caught?
[man 2] What are his parents doing?
Let's leave it at that for now.
Mrs. Nagai, you must be tired.
I'm sorry.
One final question.
Could you tell me frankly...
how are you feeling,
now that you know your son is an Ajin?
What?
I never dreamt that my son...
wasn't human.
I understand.
That was a waste of time.
How is the search for Kei Nagai going?
A woman heard an Ajin's voice
in the mountains,
on the way to Yamanashi Prefecture.
A witness so soon...
The accomplice is most likely an amateur,
not a specialist.
[woman] Right.
A professional hunter or foreign operative
wouldn't let himself be spotted so easily.
If he's an amateur after the money,
they'll be found soon.
Do you really think that's the case?
What are you getting at?
I don't think they're after the money--
You think a human would shelter an Ajin
for a reason other than profit?
He's here.
[woman gasps]
-Wait. Calm down.
-But...
"The man in the hat" seen
near Kei Nagai's home.
Send the special team.
And be discreet.
Is he after Kei Nagai, too?
It's possible.
Either way,
be sure to act calmly and carefully.
We'll leave him for now.
We just need to avoid
the worst-case scenario.
[woman] But if he's after Kei Nagai...
there could be many more victims.
[chuckles]
Kai! He's gonna catch us!
[Kai] Can you use your "voice"?
[grunts, then screaming]
But the bikes are loud.
-And what about you, Kai?
-We have to try.
I don't know if it'll work,
but we need to get him to crash.
Okay. I'll try.
[Kei] But, wait, if he crashes at this
speed, that guy will probably die.
[man] Heh. That was easy.
[groaning]
Is it broken...?
Kai?
Kai!
Ow!
[Kei grunting]
[man] Damn, no signal.
[Kei] A... A car...
[man] Huh?
Please call an ambulance.
He's human!
[man] That's your own fault.
[Kei] Is it my fault?
If I hadn't asked Kai for help...
maybe this wouldn't have happened.
[man] Stand up, walk!
Damn, he can't stand.
[Kei] No, that's wrong.
If it weren't for this guy,
Kai would be fine.
If it weren't for...
If it weren't for him!
[both grunting]
[Kei] Kai.
Thank God.
I was just playing dead.
It doesn't even hurt.
[chuckling]
Okay, let's go.
We'll take this guy's bike.
Kei?
[groans]
I think this is it.
What do you mean?
I think my leg's broken.
And look what happened
when it got a little bright.
-And if we're together...
-Kei.
-People and Ajins shouldn't be together--
You're human.
That's how I see it.
So, if we can make it to a place
no one else knows,
then you're still human.
Hold on. I'll treat your leg.
[Kei] No.
No!
All of this has made
one thing clear to me.
I'm not human anymore!
[Kai grunts]
[Kai] Ow, ow...
[Kei] Even if I tell him to leave me,
I don't think he'll listen.
With this broken leg,
I'll be putting Kai in danger.
What do I do? What should I do?
Think, as an...
As an Ajin.
Kei! Don't!
Kei...
I'm all healed. Let's go, Kai.
Aw, lost again.
Damn it, shouldn't have gone
for the long shot.
[man 1] It seems they're afraid...
that a lot of people will die again.
Or maybe they're afraid of another case
like Shinya Nakamura's.
So, they aren't making any bold moves.
[man 2] So, Mr. Sato,
what are you going to do now?
I have to show him the way.
I'm going to meet Kei Nagai.
Will you help, Tanaka?
Kei Nagai, huh?
So...
I'm an Ajin.
Are you really okay?
Huh?
What do you mean?
I know it was bad,
but you crossed a line.
I'm fine.
I've calmed down.
-And my head's clear.
-That's not--
I'm more worried about you, Kai.
Huh?
When humans die,
they can't come back to life.
So, what now?
Hey.
The police will be able
to trace the location.
So, it's just junk now.
Anyway,
I want to go somewhere safe, I guess.
[Kai] If you want a safe place,
we could just stay on this mountain.
When we run out of food or clothes,
I can go get more.
It's true that last year
there were 2396 people involved
in mountain accidents.
And 294 of them either died
or were never found.
You know all that?
It was on the news.
If almost 300 people disappear
in the mountains every year.
Then maybe I won't be found.
-So...
-But it won't work.
Huh?
I want to live a quiet, normal life.
I don't want to have my normal life taken
from me just because I'm an Ajin.
-Kyushu.
-Huh?
My grandpa lives in Kyushu.
It's a small country village,
so no one there would care.
-I mean...
-That I'm an Ajin...?
I'm sure you could live peacefully there.
You're right.
That's probably the best plan.
Okay, it's decided.
I'll run to the store.
You want anything?
How about a toothbrush?
Okay.
Apparently, they lost the man in the hat.
But he probably won't do anything
too conspicuous yet.
Raising the stakes right now is risky
for him, too.
Then what do we do now?
I have that meeting.
The committee members are fussy
about time and money.
Question her. I leave it to you.
Keep your composure.
And remember not to spill any information.
Yes, sir.
[Kei] A village in Kyushu...
Humans who won't mind an Ajin...
People like that don't exist.
And it's 600 miles to Kyushu.
There's no way we could make it.
It'd be hard enough as an Ajin,
but it's too dangerous for a human.
This is as far as I go with Kai.
[electricity crackling]
[gasps]
What is...?
This is as far as I go with Kai.
[woman] I don't know his accomplice!
And besides,
other detectives were here last night!
I'm not a police officer.
I'm with the Ajin Control Commission.
The Commission aims to research
and manage Ajins--
I don't care!
I just want to ask you
about Kei Nagai's private life.
So, why do I...
have to deal with all this stuff?
Because you're Kei Nagai's younger sister.
Eriko.
I'm sorry to bother you
during your recovery,
but I appreciate your cooperation.
Gross.
Huh?
To think there was one in my family
who thought he was a human. It's gross.
I know someone whose relative turned out
to be an Ajin.
-So?
-So...
I can't possibly understand their pain.
But...
I don't want there to be any more people
like them or like you.
So, I want to learn more about the Ajins.
So what...?
How they're born.
If they really can't die.
If they're really not human.
Anything is fine, no matter how small.
Was there anything
that made you wonder about your brother?
You ask me that, but...
I guess
I have one totally useless story.
If I tell you, will you leave?
Yes.
A long time ago, when our pet dog died,
he said something weird.
[Eriko sobbing]
[Kei] Who are you?!
Run, Eriko! A ghost is coming!
[Eriko] A ghost?
[Kei] Or wait, not coming, but...
Coming out?
[Eriko] What?
There was nothing there,
but he said a ghost was coming.
You're saying Kei Nagai said
he saw a black ghost?
Huh?
I don't know if it was black.
[woman] I let that slip.
Tosaki's going to be mad at me later.
[Eriko] What's wrong with her?
Back then, I used to play
with my brother a lot.
[all laughing]
[Eriko] And with Kai, too.
[gasps]
Wait, the accomplice...
-Yes?
-No, nothing.
If you've remembered something,
no matter how--
[thud, then woman gasping]
[grunts, then screams]
[groaning]
[Eriko screams]
[man 1] What's...?
[footsteps thud, then man 1 gasps]
Huh?
[man 2 whimpering]
[whimpering]
[man laughing]
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪